>> Jen Kramer: So
let's think about this a little bit more.
So we're gonna go back to
our example of our html.
We're building a four column
grid system and we have rows and
we have cells,
just like we had with floats.
Our row is the flex-
>> Speaker 2: container
>> Jen Kramer: Container.
The individual cells are?
>> Speaker 3: Flex items.
>> Jen Kramer: Flex items, right?
So here is some representative
HTML where we have a row and
which is our container and
then inside of that are the flex items.
>> Jen Kramer: The HTML,
or sorry, the CSS for
this might look as follow.
So we have a class of row.
We're gonna display that as flex because
of course that's our initial declaration
there to get this display as flex box.
Our flex flow might be
something like row wrap.
Obviously you can change those values
if you want but chances are row wrap.
You could justify the content
ion some direction or another,
I have this being center.
Obviously, you have all the other
choices in values here, and
I've put in a margin as well.
And of course there's a note there that
you can change row direction and so
forth if you wish.
In terms of the individual
column properties, so .col-1,
how would we set that up?
We can set our flex-basis property,
remember this is the short-hand.
Grow, shrink basis,
GSB, grow shrink basis,
and so the growing and shrink are zero, in
other words we're not worrying about them.
But the basis number
will vary depending on
which particular media query
you might be doing, okay?
And then of course rearranging
the columns is super easy.
We can push and call them, it's what
we usually call them with floats.
You can call them also by whatever other
name you want and you can just change
the order property around to
achieve the effect that you want.